Note about incognito cooking store support and identification (#26606)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/work_with_the_cookies_api/index.md

Firefox provides three types of cookie store:

- The default store, which stores cookies from normal browsing.

> - Private browsing mode stores, which stores cookies created during a private browsing session. These stores and any cookies they contain are removed when the related private browsing window closes. These stores are identified by the old incognito property in
>   > **Note:**
>   > Firefox identifies these stores using the `incognito` property in {{WebExtAPIRef("cookies.CookieStore")}}. Chromium-based browsers also return private (incognito) browsing mode stores but don't support the `incognito` property, so don't explicitly identify the cookie stores as belonging to an incognito browsing window. Safari does not return cookie stores for private browsing mode windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Private browsing mode stores, which stores cookies created during a private browsing session. These stores and any cookies they contain are removed when the related private browsing window closes.
  > **Note:**
  > Only visible if {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.isAllowedIncognitoAccess()")}} returns true. Safari doesn't support access to private cookies yet.
```

I removed most of this, since getAllCookieStores already has the info and describes how to tell them apart. I added new info that wasn't there before.
